Yes, once again, I respectfully request that everyone in the
hall give a
big round of applause to welcome the Buddhist group from the
Golden Club, led by Buddhist follower
Pham The.
Representatives from over 30 Buddhist groups within the
club will bring beautiful bouquets of flowers and
gifts to congratulate you on your birthday
.   We would
like to invite Ms. Phan The to say a few words
to congratulate the elderly gentleman on his 85th birthday
.  I would like to invite you in, ma'am.
Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni.  I
respectfully address my master and all the venerable monks and nuns
.  I respectfully address both of you, along with all the other elderly
men and women.  Dear all
Buddhists.  Today,
we, representing the Buddhist practitioners
of the Golden National Club practicing the Six
Harmonies, are here to attend this birthday celebration for the two elderly members of
our community. We are
truly happy and deeply moved.
Because if it were
n't for the two of them, we wouldn't
have a master in this world.  Without our master,
we wouldn't know where to find the resources to
practice, or where to find the resources to accumulate
merit.   The
Buddhas teach the Dharma, but to practice it, one
needs a teacher to guide them.
We have practiced before, but today
we are able to learn Buddhist teachings thanks to our teacher's guidance.  No
one is born into this world by chance.
Therefore, my teacher's presence in this world
is due to the good karma inherited from our ancestors.  My teacher and I
have practiced filial piety, and the
greatest act of filial piety we can achieve is renouncing worldly life to seek
enlightenment.  To bring benefit to all living beings.
My teacher and I have fulfilled that meritorious deed of repaying the debt of gratitude completely.  We are
Buddhists who follow the example of
our teacher.  We have also been
dutiful children.  As for those who have not yet
fully learned filial piety, they will learn the virtue of filial piety from the teacher's guidance
.  On the occasion of the couple's birthday celebration
.  We
send our best wishes for your birthday
from the bottom of our hearts.   He is the
biological son of the two elders, not just a
disciple of my teacher.  We
also hope that in many future lives,
we too will be able to
practice filial piety completely, just like
our teacher.  For you both, we too
will be children who fully practice filial
piety towards our parents.   We
hope that this act of wishing them a long and healthy life will
also be rewarded by our parents in many lifetimes,
and that they, on
behalf of our parents, will accept
our heartfelt wishes. We also
hope that our descendants will be
like us,
becoming filial children just like
our teacher.  We don't know
what more to say, except that we hope that you both will live forever
, so that every spring we can
come back to wish you well and
visit you both.
In the Golden Nation Club and the Six
Harmonious Practices, we also learned about filial piety.
Therefore, during the month of Buddhist followers, we will
still
visit and look after the two elderly people.
This is also something that our teacher
taught us: filial piety gives rise to countless
good deeds.  Therefore, we promise you
both that we will follow the example
of our teacher and practice asceticism without excessive restraint.  We
wish you both
good health
and hope to follow your example.
Every month, the elderly still go to practice the Eight Precepts of
Buddhism.  These elderly people are very old,
but they don't seem to be present in the practice of the
Eight Precepts.  And the elders even went to study
French.  On the 14th and 30th of each month, the elders also
go to the temple to study the Dharma, learning the
Buddha's teachings through the teachings of my teacher.
We also wish to follow the example of the two venerable
elders, studying and practicing Buddhist teachings so that we may
serve the
Buddha for generations to come.  This year, Mr. Vu Kich is 85
years old.  It is still beneficial for all
Buddhists to follow the example of their teacher and learn
virtuous conduct.  The longevity of the two elderly parents is also a
precious asset, and their longevity
brings benefits to us.  If our
parents were no longer alive, we would
n't know how filial our teacher was,
and we would only know from stories they told us.  Therefore, the
longevity of our elders is also so that
we can witness the filial piety of
our teacher.   It is
in gratitude to our parents that we have been able to raise
our teacher.  The kindness of the two
elders also allowed us to learn filial
piety from our teacher; the gratitude we owe them
is immense.  We vow that in every
lifetime, you two ancestors,
if you are reborn into
this world, will give birth to many more
teachers who will benefit the Buddha's teachings
.
We respectfully wish you both good health,
long life, diligence in your practice, and that you will be a role model
for future generations and for all
Buddhists.  And we also wish all the elderly men and
women who are here today
good health and continued
diligence in practicing the Buddha's teachings, becoming
outstanding disciples like the elderly men and
women here today.  My grandparents
gave birth to my teacher, but they were also two
of his disciples.  Yes.
[Applause]
Ah, we have a small gift
to offer to the two elders today.  We humbly
request that you kindly accept our
[music].